hey guys I am officially live I want to
first off thank you everyone who clicked
on this video after it was livestream
welcome PG fan that's usually the most
you know viewed way is after the live
stream but if you are trickling in now a
lot of you guys hey what's up when
you're here um you guys get the
opportunity to ask me anything this is
going to be a Q&A so whatever you guys
comment whatever we want to discuss
about we are going to talk about it
what's that what's up it's so good to
see everyone first off let's start off
with what is your name and where are you
from where are you signing on from but
if you're viewing this after the
livestream this is going to be a Q&A you
probably don't see the feed of the
people who are asking the questions but
I'll make sure to repeat the question
and yeah today was a very strange day it
was beautiful and it was sunny and it
was hot and then a insane storm came
through in the New York City area and it
was windy it was terrible and it's still
really gloomy and gross outside so how
is everyone I am glad that everyone is
coming and so let's start off with the
first question man from like Pakistan
all these people new jersey waterloo
amazing amazing amazing so let's try to
refrain from questions like can i go on
a date with you and inappropriate things
so let's try to ask productive questions
i believe in you guys oh we got some
texas squad yes yes so go ahead ask some
questions so when i I want a live stream
more so I'm basically saving it for the
times when you know I have I'm working
on like a heavy edit so right now I'm
working on a lot of travel videos do you
hear in New York outside right now I'm
working on a lot of travel videos for
you guys so you will see stuff from
Thailand you will see stuff from Cuba
it's just it takes a lot let's see it
takes a lot of time so I'm putting in
the most effort for these videos and
hopefully you'll be stoked on them you
will start seeing them this week what
console do you play on the most so I'm
that much of a gamer but I used to play
xbox all the time so so you might not
know is my dad works for Microsoft for
25 years so when it came to video games
I was the cool girl in middle school I
was the girl that everyone came to and
said hey Sara
I heard you got the hookups on Halo so I
would be the chick who got Halo for
everyone for all the dudes for $25 if
you don't have any perspective an Xbox
game would cost $60 so I was pretty
popular for that reason they used me for
their Halo hookups so I was very good at
Halo that is the one game that I'm good
at I challenged someone to a duel let's
play Halo know I was always terrible at
like Call of Duty and all of that stuff
all right next question how did you and
Jon exactly meet so John Hill Tube the
boyfriends we meet in California we meet
I can't talk we met in California
it started with like a simple YouTube
collab hey let's shoot a video together
and the rest is history let's see how
will you critique my vlog that's kind of
a weird area to get in I know a lot of
people do photo critiques and video
critiques maybe that'll be like a future
thing that I do with a select amount of
people maybe like a livestream type
thing of um you know watching a video
telling you what you did great what you
should be your work on maybe that's
something the future knows
peachie and he'll fam forever yes um
what's one thing you always look for
when looking for new youtubers to watch
so Marshall explore ask me um so
anything that is intriguing
so like or not intriguing inspiring so
I'm a sucker for aesthetics so a lot of
times the feel and look and aesthetic of
a video will hook me and then what keeps
me there is a my entertained is their
actual substance to it you know you know
you know you know um
ha rabbit ask hi Sarah can John can John
and you have a game of skate with oak
and John have a game of skate with Brett
Conte that would actually be amazing I
thought you're asking if I could have a
game of skate with John like I don't
really skate I can't one thing that John
needs to do is teach me how to ollie
John if you're ever if you're watching
this teach me how to ollie please who
inspired you oh my gosh so many people
have inspired me so a few people come to
mine when inspiration so there's
personal inspirations like my mom and
people who I grew up around who like
taught me how to video edit and things
um Internet inspiration so I've always
said like Casey Neistat Gary Vaynerchuk
Chase Jarvis and those are kind of like
the three people who influenced me
especially in the beginning but every
single day I'm getting new inspirations
and that's what I think is so cool about
this world is there is a lot of noise
like there's a lot of really bad stuff
being produced at the same time people
are coming through making dope stuff and
like every other discovering someone who
is inspiring and creative will this day
up as a video afterwards yes this will
stay up as a video afterwards um let's
see uh how old are you will Nick good to
ask I am 22 years old so I turned 23 in
August so my birthday is August 11th I
expect a lot of tweets from you guys
saying happy birthday um let's see Isaac
Johnson or Isaac Johnson asked what did
you do after quitting college so I
dropped out of school December of 2015
so that was a little bit over a year ago
I was going to college I was a
electrical engineering major I switched
to computer science so I was in between
electrical engineering computer science
for a total of three and a half years I
had a year and a half left but I was
like pursuing the hustle the video
hustle on the side and
it got to a point where I was like I'm
miserable what am I doing with my life
like if I'm already pursuing my Plan B
now as like a 20 year old what am I
doing with my life so kind of push came
to shove and like I ran out of
scholarship money and I was like I don't
want to go on today so the video thing I
was doing a freelance stuff on the side
and I was like you know what I'm not I
had like three thousand four thousand
subscribers at the time so this is a
little over a year ago I was like Hewitt
I'm not going to become like a youtuber
immediately but if I like put my head
down I can pay rent I was living in
Nashville the time so I was like I can
pay rent with freelance jobs so I did a
lot of after I dropped out I did a lot
of like corporate energy so it was like
super boring it was set up two cameras
on a tripod have someone sit in the same
spot ask them questions do kind of the
off-camera interview style thing and
then splice that up with a montage of
people typing at their desk and doing
their job god it was so boring um so I
did that for about three months and that
was kind of the hustle the video flow
and then I got the same so at the same
time of getting I think called the adobe
creative residency which basically
allowed me to pursue my passion projects
for a year I also made like a viral
video so do you guys hear that
my toilet is going crazy I should
probably fix that anyways so yeah my
world kind of blew up at the same time
three months after I dropped out of
college and it's kind of a signal like
you did the right thing so sometimes you
just gotta take that leap in order to
yeah kind of find what you want to do in
love are you going to VidCon yes I am
actually leaving for Los Angeles
California tomorrow tomorrow so early so
early keep you ask what boosted board
should I get just go all in get the dual
plus or something but they're expensive
so I understand that
I think no matter if you get the single
or the dual original plus they're going
to be better than most of the electric
boards out there if you want to check
out my Instagram story today I actually
rode around with a guy who works for
boosted board it was very fun it was
actually beautiful weather for the first
half of the day now it's all like
Iranian sketchy 200k celebration we're
almost at 200 kph a fan tell your
brother tell your mom tell your dad tell
your dog about youtube.com slash Sarah
DG coz Peachy fam is about to get to
200k we're in a cellar I don't know what
we're gonna do but we are going to sell
all right then come on there's a reason
why I don't sing
Alexa says oh my god Sarah a brand new
subscriber here I bet you'd wash all
your videos in about three days I'm
going to NYC for the first time next
month any tips for someone not wanting
to be too touristy that is a good
question Alexis I always love hearing
about new subscribers um it's it's
fantastic
you know when the fam grows you're doing
something right so non touristy things
to do in New York um okay here's a quick
pro tip everyone goes to Empire State
Building in the Empire State Building
you have to wait in a insanely long line
so instead of the Empire State go to the
Rockefeller Center and you actually can
go and pick a time and they'll put the
time on your ticket and then so you'll
get a time and you say like the wait is
an hour instead of waiting a line like
at the Empire State Building you just
keep your ticket you can go out and eat
go out on the streets come back an hour
and you get to go straight up it's a
much better process I don't know why
they make it like that Empire State
so yeah I live in New York I still
haven't gone to the Empire State
Building I mean it's cool but just but
the Rockefeller is cool because you can
then see the Empire State you know you
know you know you know um questions oh
my gosh oh I just need her to put an L
of the Mills is here fam
if you don't not know that YouTube
channel she is a freaking rock star I'm
so excited you were here we're gonna see
each other in Canada let's make a dolt
video together I want to be in one of
like a sketch with you
oh let's see let's see scrolling through
the questions how do you get your self a
daisy Martinez as how do you how I can't
read I'm going to start that over how do
you get yourself to get work done when
you're tired and you just want to sleep
coffee coffee
no um honestly a like real answer is it
really helps when you set like goals for
yourself so even though the Monday
through Friday posting a video five
times a week it's like very difficult
but setting that bar high for me helps
because it's like I gotta get a video up
you know even if you're making videos
for twenty people instead of twenty
thousand it's still it's still having
that goal I'm to reach for that really
helps you push push through what do you
use for Ryan ask what you use for mass
storage Drobo Apple W D Lacey right now
I it's bad all of my stuff is on
different portable hard drives however I
do have a company sending me a NASA
na s um I don't know if that's why stay
at NASA as Mallos but when I get that
I'll make a video about it talk about
how I am backing up my footage who's
backing up is so important if you guys
have watched a vlog from maybe as two
months ago I lost some footage on a hard
drive and it was like this whole
recovery process so um so so yeah hey
guys if you're here and you like what
you're seeing give me a thumbs up during
this live stream it's at 140 can we get
it to 300 can we can we get this live
stream to 300 likes smash that mother
pecking like button anyway so you any of
you guys watch a Wolfie wrapped he
always like smash that like button
oh yeah y'all get to 65 to 83 oh my dear
I don't even know the significance of it
but it makes me feel happy so thank you
for your likes 304 we did it we we did
again we did it we did it
hello ho did you see the new actin blink
s design there's a new one what does it
look like I'll have to check that out
after um in terms so talking about
Electric skateboards I mean so this word
is kind of like it's just the best but
in terms of electric words with hub
motor so that means the the motor is an
actual wheel instead of a belt driven
system I do think actin is one of the
like lead companies that are kind of
leading out they they're they're good
boards they really are max says Sarah
are the Paul brothers trying to break
YouTube have you seen that life es ly um
why do you say that because the vlog
that I'm posting probably tomorrow I
talked about Jake ball so I want to hear
from you guys what are your thoughts on
Jake and Logan Paul I'm debating whether
or not so a lot of stuff happened
the log tomorrow but I'm debating
whether or not to like clickbait the
crap out of it and be like Jake Paul am
i right
or thoughts on Jake Paul well we'll see
we'll see what happens I feel like that
would get the clicks um but I actually
talked about him for a while so it
wouldn't this really be insane clickbait
um let's see let's see what you guys
it's everyday bro
Jake is cool they are annoying
um cake says I hate them lmao miss
penguin says don't clickbait it Sara
does anyone have a solution for this it
just started with my toilet it just
started like running really loudly and
then we'll like turn off I don't know
that's some kind of next-level adulting
that i don't have time for I'll just
google it they'll let me know if there's
any way I can fix it and fix that toilet
flapper so is that the problem what is a
toilet flapper guys I don't know this
stuff I don't know this stuff turn off
the main water supply okay your toilet
is leaking and then filling back up
again you have to open the top toilet
and put the little stopper back over the
hole okay cool awesome thanks for the
help guys we can stop talking about
toilets now
it's probably not fun um is it struck up
there's so many questions let's see um
Kant Carnot Karn I don't know how to pee
RN i j ass is it hard to stay consistent
with youtube yes it is difficult um but
at the same time youtube is my job and
so um i don't know like i don't have to
pose 5 times a week and I've discussed
the difficulty with it in previous vlogs
but I feel like it's it's like the
biggest challenge of my life right now
so I'm like I feel like I owe it to
myself to at least try and conquer it
when my life is like put together which
I'm I'm rounding that corner because
I've been dealing with a load of crap in
terms of apartments and stuff over the
past 4 months and that's all I've been
worrying about so I'm like when the only
thing that I have to worry about is just
making videos and makin dope stuff I can
do it I can scale that so I'm working on
it I really I really want to and so
that's that's why you know there's not a
video tonight but that's why I did a
livestream because I still want to talk
to you guys and I think live strains are
cool ways to connect to connect with
people you know I feel like we're
connecting I love I love seeing all of
you guys commenting I'm gonna feels like
fam if I don't know I like this I like
this um let's see Abraham asks in all
caps what goes on in your mind when you
have goals that are too scary knowing
that it will be better in the long run
how or what do to find get courage from
where do I find courage from oh that's a
good question so there are a lot of big
scary things in life that ah like right
now I have opportunities that scare the
living crap out of me and big ideas that
I'm going to pursue at the same time
it's like this one thing is safe like
making youtube videos and being a
youtuber that's safe and I can do that
probably the success for the next
two or three years but um you know doing
crazy things kind of outside of it that
are outside my comfort zone are
terrifying but I think whatever you're
doing in life whether it's a business
opportunity whether it's like asking
that girl out your crush um it's it's
like finding the middle ground of reason
and like being crazy you know it's like
okay how practical is a situation like
if like do I have these skills talent
ability to do whatever I want to do but
also like Yolo and meeting in the middle
ya know that's kind of like when I
dropped out of college I was like I did
a you know like gym from the office he's
all about making those pros and cons
list make a pro/con list
make a pro income that is um so yeah I
am taking three more questions
FEMA fast hands um let's see and if
you're just just tuning in let me know
smash that like button if you like what
you're hearing
are you pregnant with John or Dale's
baby I can't answer that here you can't
ask me stuff like that y'all are
ridiculous
are you building that PC so priority
right now is getting a new MacBook and
then I'm going to pursue the PC thing so
I'm trying to figure out a way that I
can like collaborate with another
youtuber with building a PC and because
it's like why not that's a really good
opportunity to hang out with no youtuber
ask their opinions and yeah and yeah
um Ninio asked how do you budget your
money - I budget my money um yeah so I
kind of just prioritize what's important
to me when it comes to money the biggest
money suck for me is food however I
value my time above anything else so for
me not cooking not cleaning doing any of
that stuff saves me a ton of time and
stress so the ease of just going and
picking up sweet green or a juice press
or anything like that allows me to just
carry on with whatever I'm doing whether
it's filming editing um so where I spend
a lot of money and that is in I like
sacrifice other areas like I don't shop
a lot like to be honest I were the same
ten outfits all the time so I'm like
right now food is priority because it
saves me time I think it you have to
evaluate what is your biggest asset and
how and spend your money accordingly duh
one more question or two more questions
um doc asked what do you think about
unbox therapy he's cool I love okay I
love technology I love all things
unboxing I will sit and like even if I
own the camera or own the piece of
technology I'll sit there and I'll just
watch someone unbox something I love to
hear people's thoughts or I love I love
seeing just like the the plastic being
peeled off of things you know what I'm
saying you know um guys this is lit
there's over 700 people here PJ fam
what's good yeah maybe we should just
keep us going if this gets to 500 likes
in the next two minutes I'm going to
keep going we'll keep going and let's
see let's see uh uh okay Wow some of
those names are amazing could kagama so
mom eonni
is that your real name but you ask why
you've log oh and we're past 500 so
maybe there's the toilet again why do i
vlog a lot of people it's funny I don't
have blinds yet so I like see my
neighbors um yeah it's awkward anyways
why do i blog vlogging a lot of people
log for different reasons right now it
is a obviously casey nice tat made it
mainstream on the youtubes and so many
people are buying so many people are
doing it people think that that's the
best way to gain an audience to combine
consistency and quantity but the main
reason that i vlog and it started
vlogging was because showing the process
like documenting a cool moment your life
or documenting just like you as a human
growing weather that's like career-wise
or relation wise is like really cool um
so hopefully in 5-10 years
i'm going to be on a certain level you
know i want to do big things i want to
take over um but when people at the top
when people have reached a certain level
it's very easy to like kind of take a
snapshot of them and be like oh they've
always been like that like they're so
privileged blah blah didn't have to work
a day in their life and i think it's
really cool to have kind of like the
proof of the process to show everything
from the ups and the downs and i enjoy
seeing that from other people and i
think it's such a cool way to just like
especially in terms of career and
wherever you want to be in life um you
know if you are studying to be a doctor
and you're going through med school you
cannot have time to vlog to be honest
but that would be a really cool story
arc to show you as a freshman all like
bright-eyed and excited to be a doctor
and then to show at the end all the
struggles you can help people along the
way
people love that ish people love showing
the process from i was
when a now I'm at point B look where I
am now
rah rah rah um uh yeah man you guys are
lit 740 people are here 589 likes oh my
goodness it would be insane if we could
get this thing to like a thousand likes
during the stream eazy-e says Casey nice
tat made you you are privileged I love
comments like that because what I just
said go back watch what I did pre Casey
pre Casey shout out there was a reason
for it okay let's see
editing question can you recommend any
videos or tutorials for Adobe I am very
intimidated so Adobe programs can be
intimidating but if you have a Mac I
would just start on iMovie iMovie is a
great starting place that's where I
story kind of understanding how to lay
out a story under understanding that
it's funny because you can tell when
your live stream starts getting to like
an outside audience because then the
comments are getting ridiculous
peachie fan make sure to come in here
and ask like productive questions so we
can like get all these silly people out
of here um I don't know ask oh yeah so
start with iMovie something you don't
have to pay for it was Adobe there's a
lot of great tutorials out there out
there I have a few tutorials on my
channel maybe start there I'm going to
do some live streams in a coming future
so you guys can ask whatever questions
you have with premier I'm a very premier
driven person final cuts great but I
just my brain thinks better in Premiere
um what do you so frostbite s what do
you consider the biggest obstacle for
entrepreneurs
I think it's idea hopping as a person
who has a lot of ideas and
to pursue a lot of businesses you want
to drop from idea to idea and you want
to do all these things you get excited
about everything so it's keeping that
excitement for that one idea and like
carrying it through execution I know
that's my that's my hardest hardest
challenge yes
alex says idea hopping is the struggle
do you guys struggle with that the idea
hop that idea hop in life um Christopher
asked have you ever tried After Effects
yes I used to use After Effects for a
lot of titles and things um but I don't
I can do everything that I need inside
Adobe Premiere which is nice which is
nice peter says like your anchor with
Sam do you think Twitter lasts another
three years as a public company 100% my
biggest fear Twitter though is that it
gets sold off to some company that ruins
it I think Twitter is a fantastic
platform I'm obsessed with Twitter if
you guys haven't listened to my anchor
and I will put that in the description
below it's an app called anchor it's an
audio driven basically podcast radio
show app and I talk about tech and stuff
so yeah um let's see let's see let's see
questions how about inviting a creative
person to style your apartment a win-win
situation that would be cool that I
actually I love like laying out spaces
and stuff so I'm finally I think really
knowing a layout that I like and so I'm
excited a apartment tour will come soon
I'm getting my apartment together in the
next week not the next six months like
my last one so so yeah alright I'm going
to get three more questions for real now
so three more questions
let's see Kareem asked are you able to
code a little bit so I was a little look
like a fair amount
um
I was a computer science major but only
technically for a little over a year so
I was a like I'd be able to maybe make a
pyramid of Astrix and Python what would
that do for me in the real world I don't
know um I could ya better believe I can
print F hello world though got that am i
right
and RN let's see
Felix asked what would you like to do in
the future so many things so many things
I obviously want to take this video
thing to the next level we'll make all
the types of videos whether it's YouTube
whether it's like also like directing
webseries I think could be really fun in
terms of like the documentary room
that's something that I just kind of
opened up my eyes on because there are
those opportunities out there which I
think will be cool but also I want to be
CEO Sarah in the future I want to build
something super big that solves a
problem Sam
tumor pushes let's see let's see you
let's see I'm trying to I'm trying to
make him worth it uh Chris asked well
creative spaces TV be back um so I used
to have two kind of creative series
creative space T and that creative life
that creative life was just me so you
know my couch with a creative and
interviewing them and then create a
space TV was more like a full-blown
documentary so I'd go in her space I
would give them you know you guys would
see a tour as I intermingled their story
and it was so much work but I'm so proud
of the creative space TV episodes that
are out there um but I'm actually kind
of merging the two now it was confusing
that I had two creative series so now
I'm running with that idea combining it
into that creative life so really moving
forward with videos around the theme of
that creative life so they could be
anything from studio
roars - interviews - full-on
documentaries so yeah I already post one
new that creative life and I'm looking
forward to the ones that I've had in the
future I have a lot of cool ones plan so
I'm excited last question last question
I'm a terrible singer it's really bad
oh let's toilet again how do you create
build a personal brand as a new youtuber
that is a big question but let's see if
we can nail it in the remaining few
minutes in beginning I wouldn't worry
about getting your personal brand all
perfect a lot of people think that they
need a perfect profile picture and a
perfect header and up and a perfect
promo video in order to you know take
their YouTube channel to make it explode
but the number one most important thing
is to just start just start creating
make dope videos like do what you love
and in the beginning when you know you
might not have the biggest audience I
think the most important thing is to
create quality I don't think quantity is
as important in the beginning but I
think quality is is because that's
what's going to set you apart from
everyone else creating so so yeah so I
want to say thank you so much for tuning
in this turned out to be way more lit
than I expected I appreciate all of you
I appreciate the Peachy fan come back to
my channel tomorrow around 7:00 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time for a new vlog
diggedy I'm sorry I said that for a new
vlog you guys are awesome
you're so creative smash that like
button in the last two seconds that
you're here I'll be yeah thank you I
always love talking directly to you
whether it is YouTube livestream whether
it's Paris grew up on Twitter whether
it's Instagram live um there's yeah
live-streaming is cool
I guess no one has really like come in
and defined it and like owned it yet but
it's a cool way to connect with you so
love you guys you're awesome thank you
for filling in the comments with
productive good stuff um even though
there's a lot of trolls in there so yeah
thank you I'll see you guys tomorrow
buddy